OLS-893: OpenShift Lightspeed docs edits (#79884)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-transcript-collection-overview.adoc

// This module is used in the following assemblies:
// about/ols-about-openshift-lightspeed.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: Concept
[id="ols-transcript-collection-overview_{context}"]
= Transcript collection overview 

> {ols-long} temporarily logs and stores complete transcripts of conversations that users have with the virtual assistant. This includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ols-long} temporarily logs and stores complete transcripts of conversations that users have with the virtual assistant. This includes the following information:
```

Author: done

* Queries from the user.

> * The complete message sent to the configured LLM provider, which includes system instructions, referenced documentation, and the user question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The complete message sent to the configured LLM provider, which includes system instructions, referenced documentation, and the user question.
```

- Please provide the long form of LLM

Author: done

* The complete response from the LLM provider.

> Transcripts are associated with the cluster from which they originated, and {red-hat} can attribute specific clusters to specific customer accounts. Transcripts do not contain any information about which user submitted a question, and cannot be tied to any individual user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transcripts originate from the cluster and are associated with the cluster. {red-hat} can assign specific clusters to specific customer accounts. Transcripts do not contain any information about users.
```

Same comments as above:

- In our docs, the term attribute stands for symbol, sign etc. So here, I suggest using "assign" or any similar term instead of "attribute".
- Consider removing the last sentence. "Feedback does not contain any information about users" sounds sufficient to me. because it also intends that it cannot be tied to users since that information is not collected at all.

Author: done

> Transcripts are sent to {red-hat} every two hours, by default. If you are using the filtering and redaction functionality, the filtered or redacted content is sent to {red-hat}. {red-hat} will not see the original non-redacted content, and the redaction takes place before any content is captured in logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transcripts are sent to {red-hat} every two hours, by default. If you are using the filtering and redaction functionality, the filtered or redacted content is sent to {red-hat}. {red-hat} does not see the original non-redacted content, and the redaction takes place before any content is captured in logs.
```

Author: done

> Transcripts are sent to {red-hat} every two hours, by default. If you are using the filtering and redaction functionality, the filtered or redacted content is sent to {red-hat}. {red-hat} will not see the original non-redacted content, and the redaction takes place before any content is captured in logs.

Reviewer: I believe it could be beneficial to users if you shift this information above line no 8, i.e after the heading. Up to you though!

Author: done
